Added use examples of context timeout to API v6 (#55)
kentik/community_sdk_golang: apiv6/README.md

This module implements Go client for Kentik API v6.

## Usage

> To configure timeout for API client use context.WithTimeout() and pass it to the request function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure timeout for a client call use _context.WithTimeout()_ and pass it to the request function.
```
... not to suggest that it modifies the API client.

Reviewer: Done
